great job guys great job great job
hey what's up Logan oh wait
Ron Chan today is gonna be super fun
yesterday night we spontaneously decided
that we're gonna go to Tianjin another
city away from Beijing well you're not
coming
oh no I'm holding Andy's face because
she forgot her wallet she's making us
late this is not a good start come on
you guys we're gonna miss the train
let's go
before the doors
OMG all right we made it to ten gene
this is uh they're seeing power right
there wow it looks just like Beijing
what do you think wow wow wow wow
amazing they got like a different flavor
of pollution over here right how would
you rate it yeah I mean smokey with some
earthy tones and I think at least eight
at least at least a solution I give it
an eight point five eight point five so
I was pretty good now we were planning
to go up there and then see the
panoramic view of the whole city but
there's pollution everywhere and we
can't see a thing
however because we are adventurous
spontaneous we are gonna go up anyway
we're so cool
I like a run towards you guys and you
guys say welcome to tin g12 great job
guys great job great job there's only 14
floors
it's very cool
the pollution better be betting from the
top at first stop let's go let's go
[Music]
this is it right so hyped right now to
regret this decision you say to me I
hope you guys like this view because we
spent a lot of money to get up here so I
drop a like and subscribe below and in
comment what would you spend $50 on not
that is please donate to less wanna jump
scary I flickered sipping we are tipping
but at the tip just a different
in the back
oh yeah enough talking about money
alright this
[Music]
you're burning my balls
ja ja ja ja great fun
the smaller we give to Tianjin port
that's great good stuff
underwhelming to say the least
smile them though let's get lunch I'm
hungry let's go let's go let's go let's
go
in it get it grandma song yo
I'm half Irish I like white Brooking you
some tarantula back to the Humble Bundle
noontime chapati
to to the factories yet going bar cheap
Ghibli sure chief a shot
how did you vote 7:05 short one for
Natasha each and I just want my village
[Applause]
we just had the best meal ever that
was really I'm so tired so full
I could pass but you know we gotta keep
on going we gotta keep on going we're
gonna we're gonna go to the gonna go to
a house made of porcelain super fragile
just like Angie behind the camera
what do you think of the China house
it's not pretty nice you think of the
China house Jia it's pretty China okay I
wonder if these China were made in China
you know I wonder if that was made like
a thousand years ago with that there
were visionaries they saw reach
happening to the future if you think
about it all houses in China are
technically China houses so we're at
China house every single day visionary
as much as we love you guys we're not
gonna go into this 450 yen we got
scammed in the morning to want to get
scammed again we'll give you a view of
the China house through the cracks over
there as you can see over there
there is a bunch of China and Chinese
people taking picture of the China it's
more China
alright let's go buy some china town oh
Jesus Trevor Jesus
where's trying to do this oh my god yeah
his cheeks are so red come get out of
here before I break something if you
clear that we should have been up there
now we're gonna go to Italy Street in
China they got an abandoned building
over there if you could describe our
trip so far with one word what would you
say murky
I mean we traveled China to see places
that are in China baby we're getting
scouted yeah
lady adidas Gucci shoes this isn't real
dude we've been walking towards this
place for the past half an hour we
finally made it to the Moscow Church
where we can pray to Jesus that's kind
of what I need in my life right now
because I've committed a lot of sins
in the past three weeks by being with
these guys that's me they make me a huge
sinner Anita I'm gonna clear my
conscience and pray to Jesus right now
all right like I'm come here hold this
holder and we pray to Jesus one pray
please forgive me Jesus to pray please
bless me Jesus and three pray please
give me a million subs on YouTube Jesus
bless me please I pray to you all right
our nation come I ran out of battery let
me finish this let me finish this off
real quick okay
I love you keep in touch two videos a
week I'm doing it who's doing it
nobody's doing it oh by the way if you
know anyone in Beijing please send any
of my videos to them because I want to
collab I won't do those collabs for you
for me for everyone
Jesus
is here he's gonna get us you a million
one Neely by the end of the year okay
this is where your nod nod ruff yeah
that's right
subscribe drop a like we spent fifty
dollars times three $150 just for you
today
that deserves a comment to comment below
what would you do for $50 anything
peace love and happiness
[Music]